# Mission statement

We are a company offering security products to consumers. Everybody knows how important cyber security is, we hear a new horror story almost every fortnight which seems worse than the last, yet almost all consumers have aboslutely NO clue what to do. Most consumers don't use any A/V scanner and if they do, it severely slows down their system. Cronode's first product is a SAAS product that offers vulnerability monitoring and testing. A user will interact with the SAAS product and  by drawing from a large, public (open source in the sense of free beer) knowledge base that is accessible to all while being authoritative, the user will be able to keep her personal network (whether it be a sole laptop or 5 tablets for their kids and a laptop for her or a small business) secure. The SAAS product will follow the standard subscription model and we will use Stripe to collect payments and help manage subscriptions. 

We will use the revenues from the SAAS product to continue the final stages of our hardware product: A Raspberry Pi sized firewall. Networking companies have not put security first: Cronode does. We will sell a credit card-sized firewall that will offer protection from a host of threats, including nation state actors. Being a hardware product, we are able to offer unique options that a software-based firewall cannot (QoS, network-level protection, DNS, etc). Further along, we hope to offer a hardware product that is a Router, WAP, VPN, DNS and firewall in one product. Indeed, we will becoming a **security-first network company**.

To be clear, we will not abandon the SAAS product but we are hoping to reduce rates to consumers by offering a tiered payment structure, letting large networks (by number of devices connected) pay more. 
